A new religion is uncovered, a new hero
The distribution of candy and drugs, BRAINWASH
Everyone's hearts throb with a smile
A holocaust for my dear you
An epigone, gone mad in copulation
A line of trade secrets, fallen in a ditch
Widening understanding, after abnegation
The result, is a corpse
"Welcome, come back soon," said to the soil
A complete denial of others is cool! ><
God-sama, Whatever-sama, Buddha-sama, please be gentle TONIGHT☆
O usual fit, thy name is Munchausen's syndrome
One for All, All for woof woof woof! I love dogs!
I love cats! I love you! But still…
I Just Hate People！！
A nation that sends a hole straight through your cranium
A whore saw a U・F・O
Mental Illness incurable by orthodontic
You're not scary, you scapegoat, so come here
Jumping into the sky with a negative ion,
a zero-sum game without insurance
To the cry of mad truth
No one wants to listen
Let's sing a quiet boom
Let's dance with the Burnham effect
Let's eat, burdened with glory
A group of false idols
Welcome to everyone who is listening to this song
I guarantee public peace and spiritual benefit, just kidding!
God-sama, Whatever-sama, Buddha-sama, please show me the DREAM☆
Is the work schedule on this spaceship cutting corners?
One for All, All for woof woof woof! Let's be dogs!
Let's be cats! Let's be you! But still…
I don't want to be human!!
Hey there（Hey there）
Do I have a chance of salvation?
Why is my upbringing full of scars?
Hey there（Hey there）
And are useless things really no good, really useless?
Hey there, hey there, tell me
God-sama, Whatever-sama, Buddha-sama, please be gentle TONIGHT☆
Your earlier seizure has been diagnosed as Munchausen's syndrome
Though you're useless, since you're useless, useless in your own way, bring me a DREAM☆
Is the work schedule on this spaceship cutting corners?
One for All, All for woof woof woof! I love dogs!
I love cats! I love you! But still…
I Just, I Just, I Just
Hate People！！